Nfc Corkboard
----------------------------

Every NFC tag you touch is saved as a new sticky note to your phone!
Write back to the tag by simply touching the red flag of each note.

Virtual Sticky Notes with NFC

Nfc Corkboard combines reading and writing with the elegant metaphor
of sticky notes appearing on a corkboard. Through swipe gestures,
you can switch between different corkboards – you have one per
day of the week.

Every time you touch a tag, the contents of its NDEF message are
parsed and appear as a new note on the current corkboard. You can
freely move the notes around, edit their contents or drag them to
the trash bin.

To write the contents of a sticky note to another tag, simply touch
the small red flag and touch the tag. The app will inform you when
the tag has been successfully written!

Supported NDEF Messages

With Nfc Corkboard, you can read tags that contain Smart Posters,
URLs, Text or business cards. Additionally, it can write the first
three formats – the corresponding message type is chosen automatically.
To create a Smart Poster, simply enter the URL, then a line feed and
in the next line the title.

If you touch a tag with the external RTD
urn:nfc:ext:nokia.com:nfccorkboard, the application is automatically
launched on the phone. You can also write an autostart tag directly
from the app – just explore the default notes on the different
corkboards for more information!

For full control over the tag writing process and to read all details
from tags, check out Nfc Interactor.

Origins, Tutorial and License

Nfc Corkboard is based on the Corkboards example of the Qt SDK, and is
released under the same open source BSD license. It adds NFC reading &
writing support, and fully optimizes the app for mobile phones.

If you are interested in developing your own NFC app, take a look at
the “NFC Development” slides hosted at Slideshare or at Nokia Developer.
They contain a detailed step-by-step guide on how you can add NFC
support to the Corkboards example.

 -- Andreas Jakl <>  Mon, 25 Jul 2011 14:29:36 +0300
